## mlnet-samples
This folder contains notebook samples that generated from [Microft.ML.Samples](https://github.com/dotnet/machinelearning/tree/main/docs/samples/Microsoft.ML.Samples).
These samples can be served as a good starting point for you to learn ML.NET. As well as a good knowledge base for examplar agent to learn how to generate ML.NET samples.

## How are these samples generated?
We use dynamic group chat to automatically generate executable notebooks from source code.
A group of five llm agents are created, they are:
- Admin: GPT-4, terminate group chat when notebook is generated
- Labeller: GPT-3.5-turbo, create a label.json file for each sample, which contains the task name and task description. Both task name and task description are generated by GPT-3.5-turbo based on the sample source code.
- Architect: GPT-4, create step-by-step plan for notebook generation
- Engineer: GPT-3.5-turbo, follow the plan and implement the notebook cell by cell
- Notebook_writer: GPT-3.5-turbo, for each cell generated by Engineer, check the cell by submit it to dotnet interactive. If the cell run successfully, save that cell to notebook file.

Each notebook is generated by a group chat. When the chat start, labeller will create a label.json file for the sample. Architect will create a plan for the notebook generation. Engineer will follow the plan and implement the notebook cell by cell. After engineer creates a cell, Notebook_writer will check that cell by submit it to dotnet interactive. If the cell run successfully, save that cell to notebook file. If the cell run failed, engineer will fix the cell and submit it again. After all cells are generated, admin will terminate the group chat and save the notebook file.

## Chat history
We save all the chat history of the group chat. You can find the chat history in every sample folder. The name of the chat history file is `ConvertCSharpToNotebookTaskAsync.json`.